Add Google AI (Gemini API) Provider for the Title Generation, Excerpt Generation and Content resizing. (#700)
10up/classifai: README.md

* With this block selected, select the AI icon in the toolbar and choose to either expand or condense the text.
* In the modal that pops up, select one of the options.

## Set Up Language Processing (via Google AI (Gemini API))

### 1. Sign up for Google AI

> * [Sign up for an Googel account](https://www.google.com/) or sign into your existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sign up for a Google account](https://www.google.com/) or sign into your existing one.
```
